README.md, before:

# JavaScript Roadmap Codewars challenge

... _In progress_

https://roadmap.sh/javascript

## JavaScript basics

| Rank  | Kata                                                                                                                           |
|:------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|8 kyu  | [Basic variable assignment](https://www.codewars.com/kata/50ee6b0bdeab583673000025)                                            |
|8 kyu | [Basic data types --String](https://www.codewars.com/kata/571edd157e8954bab500032d)                                            |
|8 kyu | [Basic data types --Number](https://www.codewars.com/kata/571edd157e8954bab500032d)                                            |
|8 kyu| [Basic data types --Array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/571effabb625ed9b0600107a)                                             |
|8 kyu| [Basic data types --Object](https://www.codewars.com/kata/571f1eb77e8954a812000837)                                            |
|8 kyu| [Basic data types --Boolean and conditional statements if..else](https://www.codewars.com/kata/571f832f07363d295d001ba8)       |
|8 kyu| [if..else and ternary operator](http://www.codewars.com/kata/57202aefe8d6c514300001fd)                                         |
|8 kyu| [Conditional statement --switch](http://www.codewars.com/kata/572059afc2f4612825000d8a)                                        |
|8 kyu| [Loop statement --while and do..while](http://www.codewars.com/kata/57216d4bcdd71175d6000560)                                  |
|8 kyu| [Loop statement --for](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5721a78c283129e416000999)                                                  |
|8 kyu| [Loop statement --break,continue](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5721c189cdd71194c1000b9b)                                       |
|8 kyu| [Loop statement --for..in and for..of](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5722b3f0bd5583cf44001000)                                  |
|8 kyu| [Unlock new skills --Arrow function,spread operator and deconstruction](http://www.codewars.com/kata/572ab0cfa3af384df7000ff8) |

###  Hoisting

| Rank  | Kata |
|:------| :------------ |
| 7kyu  |[Hoisting](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5504b15fd181b977c30001d5/javascript)|

... Hoisting, JavaScript Scope, Block, Function, Global

## Primitive data types and Objects

### String primitive and String Object

| Rank  | Kata                                                                                                                            |
|:------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|8 kyu| [Methods of String object --slice(), substring() and substr()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/57274562c8dcebe77e001012)           |
|8 kyu| [Methods of String object --indexOf(), lastIndexOf() and search()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/57277a31e5e51450a4000010)       |
|8 kyu| [Methods of String object --concat() split() and its good friend join()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/57280481e8118511f7000ffa) |
|8 kyu| [Methods of String object --toUpperCase() toLowerCase() and replace()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5728203b7fc662a4c4000ef3)   |
|8 kyu| [Methods of String object --charAt() charCodeAt() and fromCharCode()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/57284d23e81185ae6200162a)    |
|8 kyu| [Methods of String object --trim() and the string template](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5729b103dd8bac11a900119e)              |
|8 kyu| [Short Long Short](https://www.codewars.com/kata/50654ddff44f800200000007/javascript)|

### Number primitive and Number Object

| Rank  | Kata                                                                                                                |
|:------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 8 kyu | [Number object and its properties](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5722fd3ab7162a3a4500031f)                          |
| 8 kyu | [Methods of Number object--toString() and toLocaleString()](https://www.codewars.com/kata/57238ceaef9008adc7000603) |
| 8 kyu | [Methods of Number object--toFixed(), toExponential() and toPrecision()](https://www.codewars.com/kata/57256064856584bc47000611)|
| 8 kyu | [Parse nice int from char problem](https://www.codewars.com/kata/557cd6882bfa3c8a9f0000c1/javascript)|
| 8 kyu | [Opposite number](https://www.codewars.com/kata/56dec885c54a926dcd001095)                                           |
| 8 kyu | [Convert a Number to a String!](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5265326f5fda8eb1160004c8)                             |
| 8 kyu | [Convert number to reversed array of digits](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5583090cbe83f4fd8c000051)                |
| 8 kyu | [Sum without highest and lowest number](https://www.codewars.com/kata/576b93db1129fcf2200001e6)                     |
| 7 kyu | [Sum of Numbers](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55f2b110f61eb01779000053)                                            |
| 7 kyu | [Sum of odd numbers](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55fd2d567d94ac3bc9000064)                                        |
| 6 kyu | [Create Phone Number](https://www.codewars.com/kata/525f50e3b73515a6db000b83)                                       |
| 6 kyu | [Find the unique number](https://www.codewars.com/kata/585d7d5adb20cf33cb000235)                                    |
| 5 kyu | [Product of consecutive Fib numbers](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5541f58a944b85ce6d00006a)                        |
| 5 kyu | [Last digit of a large number](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5511b2f550906349a70004e1)                              |
| 4 kyu | [Sum Strings as Numbers](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55983863da40caa2c900004e)                                    |
| 4 kyu | [Adding Big Numbers](https://www.codewars.com/kata/525f4206b73515bffb000b21)                                        |

... bigint, boolean, null and undefined,  Symbol

### The Math namespace object

| Rank  | Kata                                                                                                      |
|:------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|8 kyu| [methods of Math ---round() ceil() and floor()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5732d3c9791aafb0e4001236)                          |
|8 kyu| [methods of Math ---max() min() and abs()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5733d6c2d780e20173000baa)                               |
|8 kyu| [methods of Math ---pow() sqrt() and cbrt()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5733f948d780e27df6000e33)                             |
|8 kyu| [methods of Math ---log() and its family](http://www.codewars.com/kata/57353de879ccaeb9f8000564)                                |
|8 kyu| [methods of Math ---kata author's lover:random()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5735956413c2054a680009ec)                        |


### Array Object
| Rank  | Kata                                                                                                      |
|:------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|8 kyu| [methods of arrayObject ---push(), pop(), shift() and unshift()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/572af273a3af3836660014a1)         |
|8 kyu| [methods of arrayObject ---splice() and slice()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/572cb264362806af46000793)                         |
|8 kyu| [methods of arrayObject ---reverse() and sort()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/572df796914b5ba27c000c90)                         |
|8 kyu| [methods of arrayObject ---map()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/572fdeb4380bb703fc00002c)                                        |
|8 kyu| [methods of arrayObject ---filter()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/573023c81add650b84000429)                                     |
|8 kyu| [methods of arrayObject ---every() and some()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/57308546bd9f0987c2000d07)                           |
|8 kyu| [methods of arrayObject ---concat() and join()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5731861d05d14d6f50000626)                          |
|8 kyu| [methods of arrayObject ---reduce() and reduceRight()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/573156709a231dcec9000ee8)                   |
|8 kyu| [methods of arrayObject ---isArray() indexOf() and toString()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5732b0351eb838d03300101d)           |
|8 kyu | [Convert a string to an array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/57e76bc428d6fbc2d500036d)                    |
|8 kyu| [Sum Arrays](https://www.codewars.com/kata/53dc54212259ed3d4f00071c)                                      |
|8 kyu | [Be Concise IV - Index of an element in an array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5703c093022cd1aae90012c9) |
|8 kyu | [Merge two sorted arrays into one](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5899642f6e1b25935d000161)                |
|8 kyu| [Get the mean of an array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/563e320cee5dddcf77000158)                        |
|8 kyu| [Sum Mixed Array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/57eaeb9578748ff92a000009)                                 |
|8 kyu| [Find the smallest integer in the array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55a2d7ebe362935a210000b2)          |
|8 kyu| [Array plus array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5a2be17aee1aaefe2a000151)                                |
| 8 kyu | [Sum of differences in array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5b73fe9fb3d9776fbf00009e)                     |
| 8 kyu | [Convert number to reversed array of digits](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5583090cbe83f4fd8c000051)      |
| 7 kyu | [Flatten and sort an array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/57ee99a16c8df7b02d00045f)                       |
|7 kyu| [Sort array by string length](https://www.codewars.com/kata/57ea5b0b75ae11d1e800006c)                   |
|6 kyu| [Highest Rank Number in an Array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5420fc9bb5b2c7fd57000004)|
|3 kyu|[The soul of wit: reverse an array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/59b81886460387d8fc000043)|

### Regular Expression

| Rank  | Kata                                                                                                  |
|:------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|8 kyu| [Unlock new weapon ---RegExp Object](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5735e39313c205fe39001173)           |
|8 kyu| [Regular Expression --"^","$", "." and test()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/573975d3ac3eec695b0013e0) |
|8 kyu| [Regular Expression --"?", "*", "+" and "{}"](http://www.codewars.com/kata/573bca07dffc1aa693000139)  |
|8 kyu| [Regular Expression --"\|", "[]" and "()"](http://www.codewars.com/kata/573d11c48b97c0ad970002d4)     |
|8 kyu| [Regular Expression --"\"](http://www.codewars.com/kata/573e6831e3201f6a9b000971)                     |
|8 kyu| [Regular Expression --(?:), (?=) and (?!)](http://www.codewars.com/kata/573fb9223f9793e485000453)     |

Commit message:

feat: add kata with classes

README.md, after:

# JavaScript Roadmap Codewars challenge

... _In progress_

https://roadmap.sh/javascript

## JavaScript basics

| Rank  | Kata                                                                                                                           |
|:------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|8 kyu  | [Basic variable assignment](https://www.codewars.com/kata/50ee6b0bdeab583673000025)                                            |
|8 kyu | [Basic data types --String](https://www.codewars.com/kata/571edd157e8954bab500032d)                                            |
|8 kyu | [Basic data types --Number](https://www.codewars.com/kata/571edd157e8954bab500032d)                                            |
|8 kyu| [Basic data types --Array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/571effabb625ed9b0600107a)                                             |
|8 kyu| [Basic data types --Object](https://www.codewars.com/kata/571f1eb77e8954a812000837)                                            |
|8 kyu| [Basic data types --Boolean and conditional statements if..else](https://www.codewars.com/kata/571f832f07363d295d001ba8)       |
|8 kyu| [if..else and ternary operator](http://www.codewars.com/kata/57202aefe8d6c514300001fd)                                         |
|8 kyu| [Conditional statement --switch](http://www.codewars.com/kata/572059afc2f4612825000d8a)                                        |
|8 kyu| [Loop statement --while and do..while](http://www.codewars.com/kata/57216d4bcdd71175d6000560)                                  |
|8 kyu| [Loop statement --for](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5721a78c283129e416000999)                                                  |
|8 kyu| [Loop statement --break,continue](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5721c189cdd71194c1000b9b)                                       |
|8 kyu| [Loop statement --for..in and for..of](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5722b3f0bd5583cf44001000)                                  |
|8 kyu| [Unlock new skills --Arrow function,spread operator and deconstruction](http://www.codewars.com/kata/572ab0cfa3af384df7000ff8) |

###  Hoisting

| Rank  | Kata |
|:------| :------------ |
| 7kyu  |[Hoisting](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5504b15fd181b977c30001d5/javascript)|

... Hoisting, JavaScript Scope, Block, Function, Global

## Primitive data types and Objects

### String primitive and String Object

| Rank  | Kata                                                                                                                            |
|:------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|8 kyu| [Methods of String object --slice(), substring() and substr()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/57274562c8dcebe77e001012)           |
|8 kyu| [Methods of String object --indexOf(), lastIndexOf() and search()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/57277a31e5e51450a4000010)       |
|8 kyu| [Methods of String object --concat() split() and its good friend join()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/57280481e8118511f7000ffa) |
|8 kyu| [Methods of String object --toUpperCase() toLowerCase() and replace()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5728203b7fc662a4c4000ef3)   |
|8 kyu| [Methods of String object --charAt() charCodeAt() and fromCharCode()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/57284d23e81185ae6200162a)    |
|8 kyu| [Methods of String object --trim() and the string template](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5729b103dd8bac11a900119e)              |
|8 kyu| [Short Long Short](https://www.codewars.com/kata/50654ddff44f800200000007/javascript)|

### Number primitive and Number Object

| Rank  | Kata                                                                                                                |
|:------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 8 kyu | [Number object and its properties](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5722fd3ab7162a3a4500031f)                          |
| 8 kyu | [Methods of Number object--toString() and toLocaleString()](https://www.codewars.com/kata/57238ceaef9008adc7000603) |
| 8 kyu | [Methods of Number object--toFixed(), toExponential() and toPrecision()](https://www.codewars.com/kata/57256064856584bc47000611)|
| 8 kyu | [Parse nice int from char problem](https://www.codewars.com/kata/557cd6882bfa3c8a9f0000c1/javascript)|
| 8 kyu | [Opposite number](https://www.codewars.com/kata/56dec885c54a926dcd001095)                                           |
| 8 kyu | [Convert a Number to a String!](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5265326f5fda8eb1160004c8)                             |
| 8 kyu | [Convert number to reversed array of digits](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5583090cbe83f4fd8c000051)                |
| 8 kyu | [Sum without highest and lowest number](https://www.codewars.com/kata/576b93db1129fcf2200001e6)                     |
| 7 kyu | [Sum of Numbers](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55f2b110f61eb01779000053)                                            |
| 7 kyu | [Sum of odd numbers](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55fd2d567d94ac3bc9000064)                                        |
| 6 kyu | [Create Phone Number](https://www.codewars.com/kata/525f50e3b73515a6db000b83)                                       |
| 6 kyu | [Find the unique number](https://www.codewars.com/kata/585d7d5adb20cf33cb000235)                                    |
| 5 kyu | [Product of consecutive Fib numbers](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5541f58a944b85ce6d00006a)                        |
| 5 kyu | [Last digit of a large number](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5511b2f550906349a70004e1)                              |
| 4 kyu | [Sum Strings as Numbers](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55983863da40caa2c900004e)                                    |
| 4 kyu | [Adding Big Numbers](https://www.codewars.com/kata/525f4206b73515bffb000b21)                                        |

... bigint, boolean, null and undefined,  Symbol

### The Math namespace object

| Rank  | Kata                                                                                                      |
|:------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|8 kyu| [methods of Math ---round() ceil() and floor()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5732d3c9791aafb0e4001236)                          |
|8 kyu| [methods of Math ---max() min() and abs()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5733d6c2d780e20173000baa)                               |
|8 kyu| [methods of Math ---pow() sqrt() and cbrt()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5733f948d780e27df6000e33)                             |
|8 kyu| [methods of Math ---log() and its family](http://www.codewars.com/kata/57353de879ccaeb9f8000564)                                |
|8 kyu| [methods of Math ---kata author's lover:random()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5735956413c2054a680009ec)                        |


### Array Object
| Rank  | Kata                                                                                                      |
|:------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|8 kyu| [methods of arrayObject ---push(), pop(), shift() and unshift()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/572af273a3af3836660014a1)         |
|8 kyu| [methods of arrayObject ---splice() and slice()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/572cb264362806af46000793)                         |
|8 kyu| [methods of arrayObject ---reverse() and sort()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/572df796914b5ba27c000c90)                         |
|8 kyu| [methods of arrayObject ---map()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/572fdeb4380bb703fc00002c)                                        |
|8 kyu| [methods of arrayObject ---filter()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/573023c81add650b84000429)                                     |
|8 kyu| [methods of arrayObject ---every() and some()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/57308546bd9f0987c2000d07)                           |
|8 kyu| [methods of arrayObject ---concat() and join()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5731861d05d14d6f50000626)                          |
|8 kyu| [methods of arrayObject ---reduce() and reduceRight()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/573156709a231dcec9000ee8)                   |
|8 kyu| [methods of arrayObject ---isArray() indexOf() and toString()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5732b0351eb838d03300101d)           |
|8 kyu | [Convert a string to an array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/57e76bc428d6fbc2d500036d)                    |
|8 kyu| [Sum Arrays](https://www.codewars.com/kata/53dc54212259ed3d4f00071c)                                      |
|8 kyu | [Be Concise IV - Index of an element in an array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5703c093022cd1aae90012c9) |
|8 kyu | [Merge two sorted arrays into one](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5899642f6e1b25935d000161)                |
|8 kyu| [Get the mean of an array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/563e320cee5dddcf77000158)                        |
|8 kyu| [Sum Mixed Array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/57eaeb9578748ff92a000009)                                 |
|8 kyu| [Find the smallest integer in the array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55a2d7ebe362935a210000b2)          |
|8 kyu| [Array plus array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5a2be17aee1aaefe2a000151)                                |
| 8 kyu | [Sum of differences in array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5b73fe9fb3d9776fbf00009e)                     |
| 8 kyu | [Convert number to reversed array of digits](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5583090cbe83f4fd8c000051)      |
| 7 kyu | [Flatten and sort an array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/57ee99a16c8df7b02d00045f)                       |
|7 kyu| [Sort array by string length](https://www.codewars.com/kata/57ea5b0b75ae11d1e800006c)                   |
|6 kyu| [Highest Rank Number in an Array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5420fc9bb5b2c7fd57000004)|
|3 kyu|[The soul of wit: reverse an array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/59b81886460387d8fc000043)|

## Classes

| Rank  | Kata                                                                                                  |
|:------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 8 kyu |[Classy Classes](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55a144eff5124e546400005a)|
| 8 kyu |[Fun with ES6 Classes #1 - People, people, people](https://www.codewars.com/kata/56f7f8215d7c12c0e7000b19)|
| 7 kyu |[Fun with ES6 Classes #2 - Animals and Inheritance](https://www.codewars.com/kata/56f935002e6c0d55fa000d92)|
| 7 kyu |[Fun with ES6 Classes #3 - Cuboids, Cubes and Getters](https://www.codewars.com/kata/56fbdda707cff41b68000de2)|
| 7 kyu |[Fun with ES6 Classes #4 - Cubes and Setters](https://www.codewars.com/kata/56fcc1ee45040039ab0016da)|
| 8 kyu |[SpeedCode #3 × Fun with ES6 Classes #5 - Dogs and Classes](https://www.codewars.com/kata/56ff9b53140fcca90b000530)|
| 7 kyu |[Super Class Extensions](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55a14cd026f2a4b196000092)|
| 6 kyu |[Fun with ES6 Classes #6 - Fake Files (Basic)](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5784c8116211383b5f0001d3)|
| 6 kyu |[Hex class](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5483366098aa442def0009af)|
| 6 kyu |[Defining getters and setters on an existing class](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55bcf04de45497c54a0000d0)|
| 5 kyu |[Vector class](https://www.codewars.com/kata/526dad7f8c0eb5c4640000a4)|
| 4 kyu |[A simple Tic-tac-toe class](https://www.codewars.com/kata/529b9ec8064ec38636000134)|
| 2 kyu |[class List](https://www.codewars.com/kata/59f7a040a5b820c684000046)|


## Regular Expression

| Rank  | Kata                                                                                                  |
|:------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|8 kyu| [Unlock new weapon ---RegExp Object](http://www.codewars.com/kata/5735e39313c205fe39001173)           |
|8 kyu| [Regular Expression --"^","$", "." and test()](http://www.codewars.com/kata/573975d3ac3eec695b0013e0) |
|8 kyu| [Regular Expression --"?", "*", "+" and "{}"](http://www.codewars.com/kata/573bca07dffc1aa693000139)  |
|8 kyu| [Regular Expression --"\|", "[]" and "()"](http://www.codewars.com/kata/573d11c48b97c0ad970002d4)     |
|8 kyu| [Regular Expression --"\"](http://www.codewars.com/kata/573e6831e3201f6a9b000971)                     |
|8 kyu| [Regular Expression --(?:), (?=) and (?!)](http://www.codewars.com/kata/573fb9223f9793e485000453)     |
